Hi everyone, talking about Integrated, yes it has been many years now since my association
with Integrated particularly the Banerhata Road branch that we have.
My experience with them has been a great one because of the personalized care that I receive.
The staff is excellent particularly the overall team of Nalini and her entire team in the
Banerhata Road office where they reach out to me proactively and keep me informed of everything
that is happening with my account, my investments and makes me feel secure and being taken care
of.
So having said that I wish to continue with my relationship with Integrated and look
forward to even better collaboration with the team here to take care of my finances.
Thank you Integrated, look forward to working with you again.